apps sc: if-case for if harbor is enabled or not in blackbox-exporter (#497)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- The `clusterDns` config variable now matches Kubespray defaults.
  Using the wrong value causes node-local-dns to not be used.

> - Blackbox-exporter now dont check harbor endpoint if harbor is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Blackbox-exporter now ignores checking the harbor endpoint if harbor is disabled.
```
